in this video,
we're going to see how we can perform a percentage of Roe total calculation in pivot tables
.
So a percentage of wrote a little calculation would give us the percentage of each value
from its row total.
So let's see that with an example here.
So I'm gonna insert again the sales amount.
I'm gonna put the sales amount fueled on the submission of value section.
So I'm gonna create another instance of that fueled here and then I'm going to click on it
,
go to value field settings and then go to show values as.
And then I'm gonna select here percentage of Roe total and I'm gonna change its title here
2% of Roe total and I'm gonna press OK,
and now we have a percentage of wrote a little calculation here.
So as you can see here,
we have the percentage of the row total beside each item here or beside the value of each
item.
So,
for example,
here on this sub total is 737,378.
It's 58.22% off the road total,
which the row total here is one million,
266,446.
And basically this value is 77% of its roto wrote and its Roe total here is ah 110,699.
So 85,235 77% of the 110 1006 199.
So this calculation here will get us the percentage of each value from its row total.
And this is the road total here,
which is under the submission off the sales amount that so the value on each row here
represents the total for each row.
And if you check this value,
for example,
this susceptible here is the total for this Plus this.
So these two values here some up to 1,474,967.
So this is how you can perform a percentage of wrote a little calculation in pivot tables